Add recommendation for repository branches (#2382)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Contributing/Developer-Guide.rst

  - Trying with a different RMW implementation.
    See `this page <../How-To-Guides/Working-with-multiple-RMW-implementations>` for how to do that.

Branches
^^^^^^^^

.. note::

>     These are really just guidelines though! It’s up to the package maintainers to manage their preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These are just guidelines.
    It is up to the package maintainer to choose branch names that match their own workflow.
```

> It is good practice to have **separate branches** in a package's source repository for each ros distro it is targeting. Releases are made **FROM** those branches, targeting the appropriate distro. Development can also happen on those branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is good practice to have **separate branches** in a package's source repository for each ROS distribution it is targeting.
These branches are typically named after the distribution they target.
For example, a `humble` branch for development targeted specifically at the Humble distribution.
Releases are also made from these branches, targeting the appropriate distribution.
Development targeted at a specific ROS distribution can happen on the appropriate branch.
```

> Example: Development commits and releases targeting `foxy` are made from the `foxy` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: Development commits targeting `foxy` are made to the `foxy` branch, and package releases for `foxy` are made from that same branch.
```

.. note::

>     This means to keep all branches targeting different distros up to date, maintenance, backporting and upkeep has to be done!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This requires the package maintainers to perform backports or forwardports as appropriate to keep all branches up to date with features.
    The maintainers must also perform general maintenance (bug fixes, etc.) on all branches from which package releases are still made.
    For example, if a feature is merged into the Rolling-specific branch (e.g. `rolling` or `main`), and that feature is also appropriate to the Galactic distribution (does not break API, etc.), then it is good practice to backport the feature to the Galactic-specific branch.
```

>     You might even need to, where necessary, make independent releases for those distros if there are any changes to be made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The maintainers may make releases for those older distributions if there are new features or bug fixes available.
```

> **What about Main and Rolling?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**What about `main` and `rolling`?**
```

> `main` typically targets the next unreleased ROS distro, though with `rolling` (for rolling releases), you might decide to develop and release from a `rolling` branch instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`main` typically targets `rolling <https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Releases/Release-Rolling-Ridley.html/>` (and so, the next unreleased ROS distribution), though the maintainers may decide to develop and release from a `rolling` branch instead.
```

  - Trying with a different RMW implementation.
    See `this page <../How-To-Guides/Working-with-multiple-RMW-implementations>` for how to do that.

Branches
^^^^^^^^

.. note::
    These are just guidelines.
    It is up to the package maintainer to choose branch names that match their own workflow.

It is good practice to have **separate branches** in a package's source repository for each ROS distribution it is targeting.
These branches are typically named after the distribution they target.

> For example, a `humble` branch for development targeted specifically at the Humble distribution.

Reviewer 2: In RST, single apostrophe is for links.  For offsetting a word, you need to use double-apostrophe.  The same goes for all of the emphasis below.

Author: Ah! I've clearly been spoilt by Markdown haha... I'll make the necessary changes

Author: Ah! I've clearly been spoilt by Markdown haha... I'll make the necessary changes

Releases are also made from these branches, targeting the appropriate distribution.
Development targeted at a specific ROS distribution can happen on the appropriate branch.
For example: Development commits targeting ``foxy`` are made to the ``foxy`` branch, and package releases for ``foxy`` are made from that same branch.

.. note::
    This requires the package maintainers to perform backports or forwardports as appropriate to keep all branches up to date with features.
    The maintainers must also perform general maintenance (bug fixes, etc.) on all branches from which package releases are still made.

    For example, if a feature is merged into the Rolling-specific branch (e.g. ``rolling`` or ``main``), and that feature is also appropriate
    to the Galactic distribution (does not break API, etc.), then it is good practice to backport the feature to the Galactic-specific branch.

    The maintainers may make releases for those older distributions if there are new features or bug fixes available.

> **What about ``main`` and ``rolling``?**

Reviewer 2: Hm, so I guess that sphinx doesn't support emphasis within a bold statement.  At least, when I look at the rendered version of this I see the double apostrophe, not something emphasized.  I'll suggest playing around a bit with it and seeing if you can get something that looks nicer (`make html` will build the site for you locally).

Author: Hmm, perhaps...

**What about** `main` **and** `rolling`**?**

```
**What about** ``main`` **and** ``rolling`` **?**
```

Author: It's a little ugly in the source code, but it looks the best.

> `main` typically targets `rolling <https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Releases/Release-Rolling-Ridley.html/>`_ (and so, the next unreleased ROS distribution), though the maintainers may decide to develop and release from a `rolling` branch instead.

Reviewer 2: This can just link locally; that will make it work in all circumstances:

```suggestion
`main` typically targets :doc:`Rolling <../Releases/Release-Rolling-Ridley>` (and so, the next unreleased ROS distribution), though the maintainers may decide to develop and release from a `rolling` branch instead.
```
